ready it's going hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so this is being shot on a
one plus six so it's gonna look and
sound quite different from my regular
videos but this is a video about the one
plus six
hence the different look and sound so I
wasn't gonna do a regular review on this
phone but I like this phone enough that
I felt like it deserved some kind of
video some kind of discussion about my
experience about this phone so I'm gonna
do this video in kind of three stages
I'm gonna talk about things that really
like about it No you know what let's
talk about things that I don't like what
first then I'll talk about things I'm
okay with then I'll kind of close off
with things that I do like about this
one the thing that I dislike about this
one the most is the speaker by far it is
the thing that sticks out as being like
it's worst feature it's tinny it's mono
and in 2018 so many phones out there are
bringing stereo speakers that sound good
that just really sticks out as being
subpar
in the industry the other than that
don't love about this phone it's the
brand it's like not the brand one plus
but their support one plus the support
of their phones isn't amazing the
industry like the phone industry doesn't
have great support to begin with Apple
and Google stickers being good ones the
rest of kind of aim and this is one of
them things that I'm okay with about
this phone the camera it's kind of like
it's a camera that some people say is
really good for the money like because
it's a $530 phone it's really good other
people say it's a trash camera because
objectively speaking it's not
particularly great my stance on it is
this it's not a camera that you would
kind of be like hey this is an amazing
camera definitely not that and it's
certainly not improved that much from
the previous generation so the 1 + 5 1 +
5 t you had a relatively similar looking
image to this camera this the hot the
dynamic range in this is improved but
across the board it's not a massive
improvement I would consider it like a
be a b-tier camera but I consider it
also a good enough camera like not
forget about the price it's a camera
that if you needed to take a shot you
double tap to get the camera open it's a
fast it's like it's quick it gets
job done and it captures whatever memory
you're trying to capture that's what
it's good for if you want to have like
you know want to zoom into photos and
kind of example the pics examine the
pixels and and kind of like really drill
down to these photos you will find flaws
in it you will find things that you
dislike about the images but for most
people I really mean this for most
people this is a great camera but for
the hardcore photographers look
elsewhere okay other things I really
like about this thing or I guess let's
move on to things that I do like with
this camp about this phone the build
quality I think that's actually one of
its most unique features the glass backs
like you have three glass options and
two of them have this kind of like matte
finish this like satin kind of textured
glass I really like that feel it's not
something that you see often on other
flagship devices and it just it really
makes the oneplus phone this year stick
out as being something aesthetically
special and something that I found is
that the textured material I thought
this would scratch or scuff relatively
easily because it's I mean on a lot of
kind of satin finished products this
finish will kind of wear out quickly if
you scratch it
I've brought keys up to this thing it's
very very durable it is Gorilla Glass 5
and it's strong it's a nice looking
material and it's also a very durable
material other things I like about this
one the software oxygen OS is something
that well if you've never used a oneplus
device and you're kind of interested in
it it's a very stock feel it's not super
smooth like if you're looking for the
absolute smoothest Android experience
you're gonna have to go to a pixel
device but these are quite smooth and
it's very fast device like the processor
in here is like the fastest the
Snapdragon a 45 it's a very fast device
but it's not the smoothest device out
there very smooth but not the smoothest
um other things I like about the
software is like they have features on
the oneplus phones that are like they
don't put stupid stuff on here that you
see on other phones like every feature
in here has some utility like there's no
superfluous crap that they're just
trying to stick in here so they just
kinda like one-up other companies in
terms of like the feature arrays they
don't do that the obstinate the oxygen
OS feels pretty lean and things like
okay so face unlock this is something
that they didn't invent
but they do really well it's super fast
and they do this thing that at night if
you have like the iPhone so the iPhone
10 if you try to use face unlock on this
at night it's difficult and you kind of
iPhone at our iPhone 10 user out there
they know this like if you try to use a
phone at night you bring it up to your
face and it has problems recognizing
your face the oneplus phones they do
this thing where if it's nighttime and
you're trying to unlock it with your
face it'll shine a light onto your face
to just make it easier for the camera to
identify your face and stuff like that
that is across the software it's just
it's so it's smart and it's not like
super difficult to implement but they do
it and it just makes the software feel
kind of complete so I want to talk about
one last thing it's the big thing on
this phone it's the price so this is a
five hundred $30 phone and I think
there's a lot of like kind of the people
take that price tag with different
opinions and I think a lot of it comes
from the fact that there's like regional
differences in pricing so in us a 500
$30 phone isn't that special because you
can get really really good phones for
that price as well for as a as an
example like the s8 and like the SI
place you can get those for like 500
bucks right now 550 bucks and those are
really good phone so when you look at a
used or refurbished samsung s8 and you
compare to this the s8 has a better
camera it's got a better like it's just
a better phone overall so when you look
at this it doesn't seem like a special
phone so a lot of people that look at
like discussions about phones and prices
like they don't really see the value of
this phone because it's like wow like I
can just go onto Craigslist or Ebay and
find a $530 phone that's better than the
oneplus but that only applies to the
u.s. if you look outside of their like
if you look at Canada or most parts of
Europe the pricing on this thing really
sticks out as being something special
it's it's a it's it's not just special
you can't get a better phone with the
features of this phone has for that
price like I would say the competitor to
this in terms of like specs for the
money you would probably the xiaomi
phone that's like a $500 yeah it's
around $500 i have to import
stuff like that and that is comparable
to this but aside from that shall we
meet eight there's nothing on the market
that hits this so if you want like the
fast phone like really really fast specs
and like a pretty good camera and like
the full package I don't think that
there's a better phone than this brand
new now if you live in the u.s. you can
probably pick up other phones they can
get like a $600 ass nine right now which
is like so much better than this and I
think if you're in that market and you
can pick up a $600 used s 9 then this
doesn't look that appealing but everyone
else in the world if you're looking for
that $500 phone this should be the one
that you look at like it should be on
the short list at the top of the short
list because I really like it I think
most of us world likes it it's a good
phone okay that's basically it this was
like a really rambling video I don't
think you guys will like it but I'm
probably gonna publish it anyways okay
hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs be like
that sums you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]